I love nike outlet stores :)
Comments: 
When you work there, you basically spend half your check back on them. At least I did, shopping there was amazing.
Got them for 31.5 euros with that 30% discount that is going on atm. Couldnt think of a better gift for myself :)
Hey dude can u check the bottom of ur receipt and let me know what survey they're doing? Last time I saw it was something dumb like 20% off if you do the survey, before that it used to be $x off $x.
I am not working there. Justed went in saw them and  said thx god :p
How's working for Nike? I'm thinking about working for them but wanted to know about benefits
No survey?  At least they didnt asked a thing :) all she said was cash or card ??? Hehe.now waiting to use them on monday training
For a lot of the outlet stores they stopped doing the survey coupons. Idk why, but it ended about 2 months ago in a lot of the stores in California. 
I feel you, since I quit that's when I try to go. 

They did away with any incentive on the survey. They just want you to take it and tell them about the service and your experience 
People were abusing the surveys. It used to be $10 or $5 giftcard for doing the survey, then people would purchase something cheap then later on return the item to put the money on their own gift card.

What nike's are these?
Comments: 
Pink nike cortez. 
They almost look like the Nike x Supreme pink blazers.
Thanks!

What nike are these?
Comments: 

Help identifying SO's nikes
Comments: 
Try reposting this as an image post or link from imgur 
Thanks, swore I did it as an image post but must have clicked the wrong tab, doh!

Does someone know the model of these nike shoes?
Comments: 
90s nike court tennis shoes, just google that and you might find them
They kind of look like the Nike GTS
These appear to be the 2015 Nike GTS SB Supreme collab 
The supreme collab actually has embroidery that says supreme at the heel, this is probably just the regular gts (90s). 

The nike website is run by monkeys
Comments: 
Usain Bolt*
Umad?
What did it say before the edit?
Yea told all the nike workers to kill themselves rightfully so :D
Hussain

New nike advertisement!
Comments: 
This ain’t it chief. 
That’s fucking messed up man
Nice to see what people really understand from this advertising,SICK minds. 

Credit: RishabhJraJ (Instagram) It has been 17 years I guess it is time for memes... #911 #nike #usa #america
Comments: 
Wow so edgy.

